INTMDB-655: PAK Resource Updates + Doc Cleanup + Deprecation Warnings (#1208)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/atlas-api-key/create-api-key-assign-to-multiple-projects/README.md

# MongoDB Atlas Provider -- Create and Assign PAK to multiple projects
This example creates a project API key and assign to multiple projects.

Variables Required to be set:
- `project_id`: ID of the Atlas project that created the API key
- `public_key`: Atlas public key
- `private_key`: Atlas  private key
- `additional_project_id`: Additional project used to illustrate assign the API key to more than one project at a time

> For this example, we will setup project api key and attach it to multiple projects.

Reviewer: Similar suggestions
```suggestion
This example creates a project API key and assigns it to multiple projects.

Variables Required to be set:
- `project_id`: ID of the Atlas project that created the API key
- `public_key`: Atlas public key
- `private_key`: Atlas  private key
- `additional_project_id`: Additional project ID, used to assign the API key to more than one project at a time

In this example, we will set up a project API key and attach it to multiple projects.
```
